sql: align 3 oncall prs (#9270) (#9784)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

> - If you have enabled TiDB Binlog, enabling this variable cannot improve the performance. To improve the performance, it is recommended to use [TiCDC](/ticdc/ticdc-overview.md) instead.
> - Enabling this parameter only means that Async Commit becomes an optional mode of transaction commit. In fact, the most suitable mode of transaction commit is determined by TiDB.

### tidb_enable_change_multi_schema

> **Warning:**
>
> Currently, multi-schema change is an experimental feature. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment. TiDB will support more types of multi-schema changes in the future. This system variable will be deleted in a future release of TiDB.

> - Scope: GLOBAL

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Scope: GLOBAL
```

> - If you have enabled TiDB Binlog, enabling this variable cannot improve the performance. To improve the performance, it is recommended to use [TiCDC](/ticdc/ticdc-overview.md) instead.
> - Enabling this parameter only means that Async Commit becomes an optional mode of transaction commit. In fact, the most suitable mode of transaction commit is determined by TiDB.

> <<<<<<< HEAD
> =======
> ### tidb_enable_auto_analyze <span class="version-mark">New in v6.1.0</span>
> 
> - Scope: GLOBAL
> - Persists to cluster: Yes
> - Type: Boolean
> - Default value: `ON`
> - Determines whether TiDB automatically updates table statistics as a background operation.
> - This setting was previously a `tidb.toml` option (`performance.run-auto-analyze`), but changed to a system variable starting from TiDB v6.1.0.
> 
> ### tidb_enable_auto_increment_in_generated
> 
> - Scope: SESSION | GLOBAL
> - Persists to cluster: Yes
> - Type: Boolean
> - Default value: `OFF`
> - This variable is used to determine whether to include the `AUTO_INCREMENT` columns when creating a generated column or an expression index.
> 
> ### tidb_enable_change_multi_schema
> 
> > **Warning:**
> >
> > TiDB will support more types of multi-schema changes in the future. This system variable will be deleted in a future release of TiDB.
> 
> - Scope: GLOBAL
> - Persists to cluster: Yes
> - Type: Boolean
> - Default value: `OFF`
> - This variable is used to control whether multiple columns or indexes can be altered in one `ALTER TABLE` statement. When the value of this variable is `ON`, only the following multi-schema changes are supported:
>     - Add multiple columns. For example, `ATLER TABLE t ADD COLUMN c1 INT, ADD COLUMN c2 INT;`.
>     - Drop multiple columns. For example, `ATLER TABLE t DROP COLUMN c1, DROP COLUMN c2;`.
>     - Drop multiple indexes. For example, `ATLER TABLE t DROP INDEX i1, DROP INDEX i2;`.
>     - Drop a column covered by a single-column index. For example, `ALTER TABLE t DROP COLUMN c1`, in which the schema contains `INDEX idx(c1)`.
> 
> >>>>>>> 42c832f0b (sql: align 3 oncall prs (#9270))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### tidb_enable_change_multi_schema

> **Warning:**
>
> Currently, multi-schema change is an experimental feature. It is not recommended that you use it in the production environment. TiDB will support more types of multi-schema changes in the future. This system variable will be deleted in a future release of TiDB.
- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `OFF`
- This variable is used to control whether multiple columns or indexes can be altered in one `ALTER TABLE` statement. When the value of this variable is `ON`, only the following multi-schema changes are supported:
    - Add multiple columns. For example, `ATLER TABLE t ADD COLUMN c1 INT, ADD COLUMN c2 INT;`.
    - Drop multiple columns. For example, `ATLER TABLE t DROP COLUMN c1, DROP COLUMN c2;`.
    - Drop multiple indexes. For example, `ATLER TABLE t DROP INDEX i1, DROP INDEX i2;`.
    - Drop a column covered by a single-column index. For example, `ALTER TABLE t DROP COLUMN c1`, in which the schema contains `INDEX idx(c1)`.
    
```
